[iframe](about:blank)

[Sheets home](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/?usp=sheets_web)

2025 Draft Bucket Budget - details sheet (work-in-progress)

Saved to Drive

[Sign in](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=wise&passive=1209600&osid=1&continue=https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XNcaZmjfz5Q6ZNwNSLBNaZtrZf58tD7bun2Tz7-GSK4/edit?gid%3D1531906637&followup=https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XNcaZmjfz5Q6ZNwNSLBNaZtrZf58tD7bun2Tz7-GSK4/edit?gid%3D1531906637&ltmpl=sheets&ec=GAZAmwI)

File

Edit

View

Insert

Format

Data

Tools

Extensions

Help

Accessibility

Unsaved changes to Drive

Accessibility

View only

The budget process and supporting documentation represent a collaborative work-in-progress, compiled from inputs across Intersect committees and working groups. All figures, timelines, and proposals are strictly indicative and subject to community feedback, market conditions, and on-chain approvals. Formulas or broken cells may appear. Nothing herein is finalized.

Add

more rows at the bottom

|     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Quotes are not sourced from all markets and may be delayed up to 20 minutes. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. [Disclaimer](http://www.google.com/googlefinance/disclaimer/) |
|  |  | 0<br>Summary of Bucket<br>0<br>Budget<br>0<br>Product<br>0<br>Technical Steering<br>0<br>Membership & Community<br>0<br>Civics<br>0<br>Growth & Marketing<br>0<br>Open Source<br>0<br>IntersectMBO<br>0<br>Documentation<br>0<br>\[WIP\] Summary of Categories |  | Data cleanup |

A browser error has occurred.

Please hold the Shift key and click the Refresh button to try again.

?

 [Turn on screen reader support](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XNcaZmjfz5Q6ZNwNSLBNaZtrZf58tD7bun2Tz7-GSK4/edit?gid=1531906637#)

Calculating formulas…

Sort sheet►

Sort range►

Create a filter

Create group by view

New

►

Create filter view(P)

Save as temporary filter view

Change view►

View options►

Add a slicer(J)

Protect sheets and ranges

Named ranges

Named functions

New(K)

Randomize range

Column stats

Data validation

Data cleanup

►

Split text to columns

Data extraction

Data connectors

New

►

Add-ons►

Macros►

Apps Script(E)

AppSheet►

Looker Studio

New

►

Search the menusAlt+/

Sheets Help

Training

Updates

Help Sheets improve

Report abuse

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

Function list

Keyboard shortcutsCtrl+/

Create group by view

New

►

Create filter view(P)

View options►

Create group by view

New

►

Create filter view(P)

Create group by view

New

►

Create filter view(P)

Save view

Get link to view

Rename view

Duplicate view

Refresh view

Delete view

Delete all views in tab

Verbalize to screen reader►

Comments►

Select►

Go to range

Focus toolbar

Focus edit controlCtrl+Shift+'

Open filter dropdown menuCtrl+Alt+R

Groups►

Data connectors►

Manage named ranges

Create a named range by selecting cells and entering the desired name into the text box.

To enable screen reader support, press Ctrl+Alt+Z To learn about keyboard shortcuts, press Ctrl+slash

Link copied to clipboard

|     |
| --- |
| Anyone with the link |
| Anyone who has the link can access. No sign-in required. |

Copy link

Copy link to this time

Quick sharing actions

[iframe](/drivesharing/clientmodel?id=1XNcaZmjfz5Q6ZNwNSLBNaZtrZf58tD7bun2Tz7-GSK4&foreignService=ritz&authuser=0&origin=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com)